In the Hacker Lexicon written in the 1990s by Eric Raymond,
"Hackers solve problems and build things,
and they believe in freedom and voluntary mutual help."
Hacking is a mindset,
a technique, a way of viewing our world.
Hackers don't randomly try to break things,
but follow a well-established process.
I recommend you check out the Hacker Lexicon using the link available in the notes.
The hacker process starts by determining their target,
learning all they can about it,
exploring it from multiple perspectives,
figuring out how it could break to better understand how it can and should be used.
Throughout this lesson, you'll see the hacker life cycle in action,
and you'll use it to build your cybersecurity intuition.